Okay so let's go ahead and test this out.
The first thing we need to do, again, is a checkpoint,
make sure our springboot application is up and running.
And then we'll move into visual studio code,
open up a new terminal window and run a angular application.
All right we are into our browser.
And add some items to the cart.
So let's move over to our cart.
All right this looks great we have a quantity of 3.
Let's go ahead and just do a quick
increment and a decrement.
Okay great. Nice.
So decrement is working as desired.
And let's go all the way down to 0.
Our cart is empty,
so I was actually removing something from the cart
when the quantity makes it to 0.
So this is working out as desired. I like it.
With step 4, we on something on a repeat the process
for the remove button.
Okay let's go ahead and move our
cart details components at HTML.
And let's scroll down a bit.
So what we will do here we will add a new button for remove.
And we will add this button right above
the line for subtotal.
And now let's just swing back into our application
and just test it out a far as the layout.
Add something to the cart and great.
So there is our remove button, so that looks good so far.
Now let's swing back to our code
and we will add the click handler.
So for on click we can't remove and we give temp cart item.
Stand a drill we simply copy that method name,
we move over to our cart detail component.cs.
We write the code here for the remove method.
And then we simply call this .cartservice .remove.
And we wrote all of that code earlier.
So we good to go in that regards.
Now I can swing back into my application,
and we will add some items into the cart.
Now looking at our cart we see that items there.
Let's just increment a couple of times,
and now let's hit remove.
And now that entire cart item has been removed.
Now we can do a similar thing
for the other cart item remove.
And now the cart is empty.
Okay great.
We have covered all the big things here
for the shopping cart.
So we have increment, decrement and also remove.
So I like to say good job my friend.